# Waiver of Notice and Consent to Holding of the first Meeting of Board of Directors of Sunset Spark, Inc.

We, the undersigned, being all the directors of Sunset Spark, Inc.,
hereby waive notice of the first meeting of the board of directors of
the corporation and consent to the holding of said meeting at
75 Varick St, Fl 5, New York, NY 10013, on August 29th, 2012, at
6 p.m., and consent to the transaction of any and all business by the
directors at the meeting, including, without limitation, the adoption
of bylaws, the election of officers, and the selection of the place
where the corporation's bank accounts will be maintained.

Dated: 8/29/2012

Gaelen Hadlett,     Signature ______________________, Director

Yadira Garcia,     Signature ______________________, Director

Martina Hernandez,  Signature ______________________, Director

 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

# Minutes of First Meeting of Board of Directors of Sunset Spark, Inc.

The board of directors of Sunset Spark, Inc. held its first meeting on
August 29th, 2012 at 6:00 p.m., at 75 Varick St, Fl 5, New York,
NY 10013.

The following directors, constituting a quorum of the full board, were
present at the meeting:

 + Gaelen Hadlett
 + Yadira Garcia
 + Martina Hernandez

No directors were absent.

On motion and by unanimous vote, Gaelen Hadlett was elected temporary
chairperson and then presided over the meeting. Yadira Garcia was
elected temporary secretary of the meeting.

The chairperson announced that the meeting was held pursuant to
written waiver of notice signed by each of the directors. Upon a
motion duly made, seconded, and unanimously carried, the waiver was
made a part of the records of the meeting. It now precedes the minutes
of this meeting in the corporate records book.

## Articles of Incorporation

The chairperson announced that the articles of incorporation or
similar organizing instrument of this corporation was filed with the
office of N. Y. S. Department of State, Divison of Corporation and
State Records on February 23rd, 2012.

RESOLVED, that the secretary of this corporation is directed to see
that a copy of the articles of incorporation or similar organizing
instrument of this corporation, file-stamped or certified by the
secretary of state or other appropriate state office or official, is
kept at the corporation's principal office.

## Bylaws

There was then presented to the meeting for adoption a proposed set of
bylaws of the corporation. The bylaws were considered and discussed
and, on motion duly made and seconded, it was unanimously

RESOLVED, that the bylaws presented to this meeting be and hereby are
adopted as the bylaws of the corporation;

RESOLVED FURTHER, that the secretary of this corporation is directed
to see that a copy of the bylaws is kept at the corporation's
principal office.

## Election of Officers

The chairperson then announced that the next item of business was the
election of officers. Upon motion, the following persons were
unanimously elected to the offices shown after their names:

 + Gaelen Hadlett, President
 + Ann Marie Conway, Vice President
 + Yadira Garcia, Secretary
 + Gaelen Hadlett, Treasurer

Each officer who was present accepted his or her office. Thereafter,
the president presided at the meeting as chairperson of the meeting,
and the secretary of the corporation acted as secretary of the
meeting.

## Principal Office

After discussion as to the exact location of the corporation's
principal office for the transaction of business in the county named
in the bylaws, upon motion duly made and seconded, it was

RESOLVED, that the principal office of this corporation shall be
located at 846 50th, #4A, Brooklyn, NY 11220.

## Bank Account

Upon motion duly made and seconded, it was

RESOLVED, that the funds of this corporation shall be deposited with
Amalgamated Bank.

RESOLVED FURTHER, that the treasurer of this corporation be and hereby
is authorized and directed to establish an account with said bank and
to deposit the funds of this corporation therein.

RESOLVED FURTHER, that any officer, employee, or agent of this
corporation be and is authorized to endorse checks, drafts, or other
evidences of indebtedness made payable to this corporation, but only
for the purpose of deposit.

RESOLVED FURTHER, that all checks, drafts, and other instruments
obligating this corporation to pay money shall be signed on behalf of
this corporation by any of the following persons:

 + Gaelen Hadlett
 + Yadira Garcia

RESOLVED FURTHER, that said bank be and hereby is authorized to honor
and pay all checks and drafts of this corporation signed as provided
herein.

RESOLVED FURTHER, that the authority hereby conferred shall remain in
force until revoked by the board of directors of this corporation and
until written notice of such revocation shall have been received by
said bank.

RESOLVED FURTHER, that the secretary of this corporation be and hereby
is authorized to certify as to the continuing authority of these
resolutions, the persons authorized to sign on behalf of this
corporation, and the adoption of said bank's standard form of
resolution, provided that said form does not vary materially from the
terms of the foregoing resolutions.

## Compensation of Officers

There followed a discussion concerning the compensation to be paid by
the corporation to its officers. Upon motion duly made and seconded,
it was unanimously

RESOLVED, that the following annual salaries be paid to the officers
of this corporation:

 + President, $ 0.00
 + Vice President, $ 0.00
 + Secretary, $ 0.00
 + Treasurer, $ 0.00

## Miscellaneous Discourse

The communal hackerspace mission of Sunset Spark was discussed with
the new board members. The aim is to generate self-funding to achieve
sustainability. Potential projects and income models were discussed.
Utilizing crowdfunding to fund Robot Olympics and future projects was
tabled as an idea to gain the funds needed toward acquiring our own
space.

Since there was no further business to come before the meeting, on
motion duly made and seconded, the meeting was adjourned.

Dated: August 29th, 2012

_________Yadira Garcia_________  Signature

Yadira Garcia, Secretary

(Signed electronically)
